---
title: "Hello AI"
date: 2024-10-18
---

Seems to me that AI or more specifically GenAI has caught the business world by storm ever since ChatGPT 3.5 was released in late 2022.

I've been following it pretty closely, using LLMs heavily in my day-to-day work as an developer, mostly as a replacement for StackOverflow. RIP btw.

Recently, I've been experimenting with using different prompts to get different sorts of responses out of ChatGPT4o. For example, assigning expert roles to the LLM is pretty cool.

But, I'm really interested in what sorts of tasks of economic value I can get it to do that are possible now but weren't possible in the not-so-distant past.

The dream of any geek like myself is to build a business that generates $$$ while I sleep. To do that, you need something that will earn ad-revenue, online sales, or rent.

Of course this was possible before GenAI with software, but the market has been really saturated with mobile Apps and well established SaaS. Where I see the biggest opportunity for GenAI is in improving education and in enhancing leverage.

I think the educational bit has been talked about a fair amount so I'm going to focus on what I mean by leverage instead. What do I mean by it's going to increase leverage?

Well as any software developer will tell you, programming languages can generally be categorized by their verbose-ness. The most classic example of this is a developer saying that "Java is a verbose language". Basically it just means that there's a lot of code needed to get any output.

One can extend this idea to the rest of the development process. For example, frameworks exist to make it easier to build a website or mobile app. Libraries exist so that you don't have to write your own Linked-List or code to talk with your database.

What's exciting to me is that GenAI has decreased the time it takes to go from idea to product. One still needs to have a understanding of what they want to build to prompt an LLM to build the right thing (error handling, edge cases, and all).

But, you no longer need to write that stuff yourself. Yes, you still need to test what the LLM spits back at you and not treat it as dogma. But the development cycle has significantly shortened.

What's the benefit of all this?

It has to do with output. Now a developer can be more productive than she would've been prior to these tools being made available. Their domain knowledge is still helpful in getting the result of what they're trying to build. They can just create the code faster.
